## AWS-DynamoDB
Amazon DynamoDB is a fully managed NoSQL database service that means DynamoDB is a highly scalable, highly available, and low-latency NoSQL database service that is fully managed by AWS. DynamoDB allows for flexible data modeling, allowing us for the storage of key-value pairs and other data structures such as JSON documents. It automatically partitions and replicates data across multiple servers to support very high levels of throughput and availability. It supports both document and key-value data models and has features such as in-memory caching and Streams. It also has the ability to integrate with other AWS services such as AWS Lambda and AWS S3. It is a pay-per-use service charging by the capacity we provision per month and the amount of data scanned per read or write request.

Use cases: DynamoDB can be a great choice for applications that need high performance, scalability, and reliability, and it can be a good fit for use case such as high-performance gaming, e-commerce, IoT, mobile, ad-tech, and many more where traditional relational databases may not be able to keep up with the high volume and velocity of data or the need of low latency.

Here the table configuration has been added thinking in mind similar to the way we create the table manually in AWS.
One can edit all the main sections and "billing_mode" section in the codes based on the requirement. By-default I have kept it as "PAY_PER_REQUEST" which is basically On-demand. If we keep it as "PROVISIONED" then READ & WRITE capacity-unit we have to provide along with it.
